---
layout:     post
title:      我的菊厂海外交付实习纪实
subtitle:   Keyang | recording of Huawei abroaded delivery department's intern  
date:       2019-5-21
author:     Keyang
header-img: img/post-bg-huawei-01.jpg
catalog: 	 true
tags:
    - Huawei
    - Career
    
    
---
Firstly ,I am glad to receive the offer from HUAWEI ,IE and become an internship of Project Coordinate Manager. I believe this opportunity could be considered as the start point of my career ,it is even much more amazing especially at the period of trade war.

2018 ,Dec,12 I finished my final interview and excited to receive a positive respond. Unlike, other job I apply ,this one is slightly different. Since it is a Chinese company and I could be considered as more advantaged than other .Then according to the position, compared with others it more like an project work rather than a R&D position which is a relatively unfamiliar field personally. Honestly I am doubt if I could qualify this work since I usually allocate myself as a tech guy and literally think that mater a tech skill is more sophisticated and enough for my career .However an idea suddenly hit me in my mind , Why I stereotype myself as many others? Why I set limitation to something that even haven’t try before? That disobey my life principle. Maybe just like the saying said god helps those who help themselves , I receive the formal offer from HR.

Each first time is a precious and exciting thing, I am not an exception. I still remember the anxious and nervous when I stepped into the office .Totally different from school, the atmosphere here is just like a battle field and everyone was engaged in themselves work. It was that where my career started, it just naturally happened.

 As the length limit here I am not going to talk every detail of my work. It will be recorded in  my report on position considered as my last intern’ homework from school .But there is a thing wouldn’t change is that “the longer I stayed in this Eir project group, the more diversity people I know and find less I have already known about the industry.” All I can do is just to carry on with all of the kindness received from everyone in my life then at least find something I am keen on and go for it.


2019/8/22

At Belgrade     
